Contact centre case lookup (#1)
ONSdigital/census-rm-case-api: README.md

# census-rm-case-api

> This service is for use by the Contact Centre and provides a read-only API into the new (v2) case service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This service provides a read-only API into for case details.
```

Author: done

# census-rm-case-api

# Overview
This case api service provides a range of Restful endpoints that -
* Retrieve case details by case id, case ref, UPRN or QID
* Retrieve a QID by case id
* Create and return a new Uac Qid Link

> The service relies on, and makes no changes to the casev2 schema maintained by census-rm-case-processor

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The service relies on, and makes no changes to the cases schema maintained by census-rm-ddl
```

Reviewer 3: done
